chore(frontend): update frontend pattern docs (#4175)
langchain-ai/docs: src/oss/langchain/frontend/structured-output.mdx

Define a TypeScript type for the structured data the agent returns. The shape of this schema determines how you render the UI.

> Here's the math-solution schema used by the embedded demo:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is the math-solution schema used by the embedded demo:
```

              </li>
            ))}
          </ul>
        </div>
      )}
    <div className="solution-card">
      {partial.problem && <h3>{partial.problem}</h3>}

      {partial.steps && partial.steps.length > 0 && (
        <div className="recipe-steps">
          <h4>Instructions</h4>
        <div className="solution-steps">
          <h4>Steps</h4>
          {partial.steps.map((step, i) => (
            <div key={i} className="step">
              <div className="step-number">Step {i + 1}</div>
              <p>{step.instruction}</p>
              <p>{step.explanation}</p>
              {step.latex && <LatexBlock latex={step.latex} />}
            </div>
          ))}
        </div>
      )}

      {partial.finalAnswer && <strong>{partial.finalAnswer}</strong>}
    </div>
  );
}
```

<Tip>
Progressive rendering works well when the schema has a natural top-to-bottom
order: title, then description, then details. The agent typically generates
fields in schema order, so the UI fills in naturally.
order: problem, then derivation steps, then final answer. The agent typically
generates fields in schema order, so the UI fills in naturally.
</Tip>

> ## Reset and re-submit

Reviewer: intentional delete?

Author: see https://github.com/langchain-ai/docs/pull/4175#discussion_r3314210587
